Update web-simulation.md (#4980)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/web-simulation.md

cd $WEBOTS_HOME/resources/web/server
./server.sh start default
```

If you have installed Webots with the `.deb` or the `.snap` package, you should:

>  - Copy the server folder in a place where they can be launched without `sudo` and run the scripts from there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Copy the [server]({{ url.github_tree }}/resources/web/server) folder in a place where you have read/write rights, so that the server can be launched without administrator privileges.
```

>  - Open the `default.json file` located in `server/config/simulation/` with you ide/text editor and add the following line between the `{}`: "webotsHome": "/usr/local/webots". This line is used to tell the server where Webots is located

Reviewer: There is no `default.json` file in the `server/config/simulation` folder.

Author: On R2022a there is

>  - Open the `default.json file` located in `server/config/simulation/` with you ide/text editor and add the following line between the `{}`: "webotsHome": "/usr/local/webots". This line is used to tell the server where Webots is located

Reviewer 2: Here there are some typos:
```suggestion
 - Open the `default.json` file located in `server/config/simulation/` with your IDE or text editor and add the following line between the `{}`: ``"webotsHome": "/usr/local/webots"``.
This line is used to tell the server where Webots is located.

Additionally it would be better to add hyperlinks to all the files and folders.
```

The session server keeps a track of the available simulation servers and assigns a connection to the most suitable simulation server (similar to a load balancer).
A task of the simulation server is to start a Webots instance with the correct world.

> To show the user interface simply open the `$WEBOTS_HOME/resources/web/streaming_viewer/index.html` file in your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To show the user interface simply open the [$WEBOTS_HOME/resources/web/streaming_viewer/index.html]({{ url.github_tree }}/resources/web/streaming_viewer/index.html) file in your browser.
```
